Added a section on Community case highlight (issue 93) (#62)
ember-learn/ember-blog: source/2019-04-05-the-ember-times-issue-93.md

---

> ## Reason #1. [Community](https://emberjs.com/community) 🏆

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [Reason #1. Community 🏆](https://emberjs.com/community)
```

Author: Thanks!

One great reason to use Ember is the [community](https://emberjs.com/community) that you are/will be a part of. Ember provides a wide platform for everyone to be an active learner and contributor. Where will you discover yourself next?

This year, we surveyed 10 different ways to [learn](https://emberjs.com/ember-community-survey-2019/#MS_Q103) and [contribute](https://emberjs.com/ember-community-survey-2019/#MS_Q112)!

Our 5 most favorite places to learn: (drumrolls, please)

- [Documentations](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/) (71%)
- [Ember.js blog](https://blog.emberjs.com/) (54%)
- [RFCs](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs) (52%)

> - Code samples (51%)

Reviewer 2: Thoughts on linking to twiddle?

Author: I'm okay with both including the link and leaving as is.

I didn't include a link because code samples, to me, may be a part of a blog post or documentation. I wasn't sure what link would make a good representative, and hadn't thought about Ember Twiddle.

- Blog posts (47%)

And our 5 most favorite ways to give back: 🥁🥁🥁

- Attend Meetups and conferences (35%)
- Open issues (35%)
- Maintain addons (27%)
- Open PRs (24%)
- Answer community questions (16%)

> I think it's great to see that we like to meet in person and share knowledge. Each year, you can meet Ember devs around the world at [EmberConf](https://emberconf.com/), [EmberCamp](http://embercamp.com/), and [EmberFest](https://emberfest.eu/). You can also meet them on a regular basis through [Meetups](https://emberjs.com/community/meetups/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It's great to see that we all like to meet in person and share knowledge with each other. Each year, you can meet Ember devs from around the world at [EmberConf](https://emberconf.com/), [EmberCamp](http://embercamp.com/), and [EmberFest](https://emberfest.eu/). You can also meet them on a regular basis through [Meetups](https://emberjs.com/community/meetups/).
```

Changed the "I" to more of a "we" :) since it flows better with the rest of the content

Author: Thanks!

What can you do if there isn't a Meetup in your area? We'd like to suggest that you start small. Get together with a few friends for coffee or food, and catch up over latest Ember news. You can also throw a viewing party and watch together (1) past talks and (2) live streams 🍿. If you'd like to know more about starting your own Meetup, you can join the `#meetup-organizers` channel on Discord where we'd be happy to help you.

Side note 1. Please contact `#discord-server-admin` to join the `#meetup-organizers` channel.

> Side note 2. [If you haven't joined Ember Discord, do so today](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS)! 😉

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Side note 2. [If you haven't joined the Ember Community on Discord, do so today](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS)! 😉
```

Author: Thanks!
